app-text/convertlit nostricter
media-libs/aalib nostricter
sys-libs/compiler-rt-sanitizers nostricter
sys-libs/compiler-rt nostricter
media-libs/libao nostricter
dev-qt/*:4 nostricter
media-libs/jasper nostricter
sys-libs/pam nostricter
dev-qt/qtwebengine nostricter
dev-java/icedtea nostricter
dev-python/sip nostricter
sci-libs/scipy nostricter
x11-libs/wxGTK nostricter
dev-python/PyQt4 nostricter
dev-python/wxpython nostricter
dev-python/pyzmq nostricter
net-libs/gnutls nostricter
net-nds/openldap nostricter
sys-devel/gcc nostricter
media-video/ffmpeg nostricter
sys-libs/ncurses nostricter
sys-apps/acl nostricter
dev-libs/libgamin nostricter
media-libs/gstreamer nostricter
media-libs/gst-plugins-base nostricter
x11-libs/libva-vdpau-driver nostricter
media-libs/libass nostricter
x11-libs/gtk+:2 nostricter
dev-util/boost-build nostricter
media-libs/smpeg nostricter
dev-lang/rust nostricter
sci-electronics/spice nostricter
dev-db/unixODBC nostricter
